Variable Description:
gender: This column describes about customers gender details.Value of this column is "Male" or "Female"

SeniorCitizen: This column describes whether a customer is a senior citizen or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Partner: This column describes whether a customer has a partner or not. Value of this coulmn is "Yes" or "No".

Dependents: It describes whether a customer dependents or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Tenure: This column describes how many months a customer got a telephone connection. Value of this column is integer.

Call Service: This column describes whether a customer has a phone service with their connection or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Multiple Connections: This column describes whether a customer has single or multiple connection. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Internet Connection: This column describes whether a customer has an internet connection with their telephone connection or not.Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Online Security:  This column describes whether a customer has online security for internet connection or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Online Backup: Some customer wants to save their data in online storage.
This column describes whether a customer has an online backup service or no. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Device Protection Service: Customer wants to protect their device from virus and other attack. So they might have device protection service which is got with telephone service. So this column describes whether a customer has device protection service or not.Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Technical Help: If a customer wants technical help, they must have registered with their connection. So this column describes whether a customer has technical help service or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Online TV: Some customer might watch a TV program online.
This column describes whether a customer is subscribed with online TV service or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Online Movies: Some customer might watch online movies. This column describes whether a customer is subscribed with online movies service or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Agreement: A customer might have a month to month agreement or one-year connection or two-year connection and so on.
This column describes a customer agreement type.
Value of this column is "Month-to-Month", "One year" and " Two years".

Billing Method: This column describes whether a customer wants paperless billing or not.
Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".

Payment Method: This column describes in which payment way a customer will pay like Bank transfer(automatic), Credit card(automatic), Electronic check and Mailed check. 
Value of this column is Bank transfer(automatic), Credit card(automatic), Electronic check and Mailed check.

Monthly Service Charge: This column describes how much will be charged from a customer for their connection. Value of this column is numeric.

Total Amount: This column describes how much a customer has to pay totally for their connection. Value of this column is numeric.

Churn: This column describes a customer is churn or not. Value of this column is "Yes" or "No".
